bpo-38527: fix configure script for Solaris (#16845)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2020-03-28-10-43-09.bpo-38527.fqCRgD.rst

> Fix configure check for "float word ordering". The check did not always use the correct "grep" command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix configure check on Solaris for "float word ordering": sometimes, the correct "grep" command was not being used.
Patch by Arnon Yaari.
```
